Borobudur, located in Central Java, Indonesia, is the world’s largest Buddhist temple. The dome itself is surrounded by 504 Buddha statues. The wonder is Indonesia’s most popular tourist places to visit and is where followers come for a pilgrimage.
Chichen Itza, located in Yucatan, Mexico, is a relic of Mayan civilization before Columbus arrived in America. The wonder contained multiple styles of carving leading many archaeologists to believe the Mayan civilization had many cultures cultivating in Chichen Itza.
Dewewar Fort, located in Punjab, Pakistan, was originally build as tribute to Rawal Deoraj Bhati who had ruled most of Punjab’s prosperous cities at the time during the 9th century. However, after tensions between multiple powers has begun the extensive deterioration of the fort.
Eiffel Tower, located in Paris, France, was once the tallest structure between 1889 and 1930. The intention of the Eiffel Tower was to be a center piece for the century celebration of the French Revolution. Every year the tower is visited from an estimated 7 million people. 
Forest of Knives, located in Tsingy de Bemaraha Nation Park, Madagascar, is made of vertically limestone. The unique shape of the forest was created from collapsing caves caused by erosions.  
Golden Gate Bridge, located in California, United States of America, is a steel bridge allowing people to travel 1 mile across water. From 1937 to 1993, it was the worlds largest and most magnificent bridge. It is iconic to the local area.
Grand Canyon, located in Arizona, United States of America, is an estimated age of 6 million years old. 6 million years of erosion from the Colorado River have carved the enormous canyon to what it is today. Before Europeans arrived, the “Anasazi” scowered and lived the land. 
Hagia Sophia, located in Istanbul, Turkey, originally built by the ancient Romans as a Christian cathedral. However, when the Ottoman Empire took over, it was converted to a mosque to serve the new rulers. The state of the wonder still struggles on determining its purpose, whether it should be a museum or mosque.
Kamchatka Ice Caves, located in Kamchatka, Russia, is a cave located near hot springs caused by volcanic activity. The colorful light on the rooves of the cave is caused by the thinning and melting ice, which allows the sun’s light to fracture the layer.
Lake Hillier, located in Goldfields-Esperance, Australia, is unique pink lake caused by the prevalent algae in its water. Dunaliella salina produce red pigment when exposed to the sun. There are no other organism capable of living in the pink lake.
Laz Pozas, located in Xilitla, Mexico, contained many stone structures. It was built with surrealist influence of a poet, Edward James. However, after his death, construction was halted and many projects were left undone. 
Leaning Tower of Pisa, located in Pisa, Italy, is an iconic bell tower in which the foundation failed to hold the structure upright. The height of the wonder is nearly 200 feet tall. The tower’s center of gravity is on the base of the tower, preventing it from toppling over.
Leshan Buddha, located in Sichuan, China, was built as tribute in hopes Buddha would change the current to allow ships pass safely. However, after centuries of destruction of surrounding cliffs the debris changed the course of the water allowing ships to pass safely.
Machu Picchu, located in Peru, was believed to be the housing of the Inca aristocracy. However, it was abandoned when Spanish explorers took advantage of the Inca civilization. The area where Machu Picchu resides is an estimated 8,000 feet above sea-level.
Moai Statues, located in Easter Island, Polynesia, around 900 were produced around the island. The average weight of one moai was around 80 tons (lbs.). The moai statues are thought to be the ancestors of the locals. 
Mount Roraima, (most) located in Venezuela, South America, is a mysterious mountain with a flat top surface. It would take two to three days of hiking to reach the summit of the mountain. The mountain itself is part of the Pacaraima Mountains.
Northern Lights, located in North of the Northern Hemisphere, is a reaction between particles and the Sun. It creates a waves of green light in the sky which are more visible at night, but it is constantly occurring. 
Paricutin, located in Michoacan, Mexico, was a rapidly changing volcano which many scientists found interesting and were able to witness a multitude of stages. As of now, the volcano remains dormant and is a tourist attraction.